Gwenevere Abriel: I'm always here I stand here all night. I just, I'm like a horse. I sleep standing up.
I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: I do have this this great desk, because I noticed the first year I was doing this I was like my but can't take it.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
No, but
Matthew Montano: I think I figured this out the lighting is good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, this is great.
Matthew Montano: Because I happiness.
Matthew Montano: I'm having to sit up and stuff, you know, on the couch. Oh, soon on before and my back was like killing me something I needed to get like a set of like a desk and a chair and
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Yeah, you get it now. You getting it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I bought me a real fancy desk that lifts up. It's got hydraulics and everything.
Matthew Montano: Oh, okay, yeah. So you get a good angle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because that now like now and I'm seated I'm way down here.
Matthew Montano: Oh really,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm standing. I love it. Got a little cannon.
Gwenevere Abriel: Limit
Matthew Montano: Yeah, that's a good idea. I noticed you stand you could move around and stuff. That's a good idea. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's not dilly dally let's get right into I'm really glad you're here. That's fantastic.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, I'm really good. You had a free appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Me too, me too. So let's talk about what the last sort of 24 hours have been like for you. You were going to go to the gym. Oh, what did you notice that was kind of different about your thinking maybe
Matthew Montano: I'm
Matthew Montano: What's different about my team came
Gwenevere Abriel: Just now I forcing that you don't have to do that, let me ask a different question for you.
Matthew Montano: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you like about yesterday.
Matthew Montano: I feel like
Matthew Montano: I'm on a healing journey, a healing journey now. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Starting okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Not in the rumination what if, what if, what if it's your you're feeling like you're healing.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, I'm, I'm feeling like I'm ready to go with the flow and
Matthew Montano: You know, okay, but let let's do it the way it's both supposed to be done. Okay. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just so you know, Matthew. That takes a lot of trust to trust and another person.
Gwenevere Abriel: It to trust in me to trust in the therapeutic process.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you had big moments where people weren't there.
Gwenevere Abriel: when you needed them so it doesn't surprise me that there's been a sort of, let's keep it. Let's keep it light, we don't need to talk about that. Let's talk about want ba ba.
Gwenevere Abriel: But none of that surprises me. It makes sense that you would do that, but I'm excited that you're interested in. Let me in a little bit more
Matthew Montano: Yeah, for sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, and then you only have to be Matt, you don't have to be therapist to then you only need to do one thing.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you might have to also be empty. Sometimes
Matthew Montano: Yeah, yeah, there you go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, oh alright so what you know there's not always a lot a lot of time to process when we left off. We left with a lot of the aspect that was you know you're giving yourself permission to feel
Gwenevere Abriel: I think safe enough to cry. And that's the second time you've told me, I'm not used to this crime that was a no go zone in my indoctrination as a young person, you just don't do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was it like for you to cry.
Matthew Montano: I even after we got off the video I was kept crying for a little bit, but it after word. It was like a huge relief.
Matthew Montano: A huge relief. It just felt like, you know, just like just a relief because when I'm when I'm tense when I'm stressed when I'm having a bad day.
Matthew Montano: I don't ever cry ever
Gwenevere Abriel: Again, get a little, a little release a little hormonal relief when we, when we, when we cry.
Matthew Montano: Yeah yeah yeah
Matthew Montano: Well, I know a lot of criers and
Matthew Montano: They say
Matthew Montano: I'm not gonna bring up the new ones name.
Matthew Montano: Cuz I'm trying to the rocket took off. You know, I'm gonna bring up that person anymore but
Matthew Montano: But a
Gwenevere Abriel: crier. So you have an opinion you formulated an opinion about criers. What is it,
Matthew Montano: That they cry, they get it out and they they feel better afterwards.
Matthew Montano: And me holding stuff in just
Matthew Montano: builds and builds and builds and then it becomes an outburst. Right. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So for a lot of people. And then let's dip into doing some of the techniques together just to process a little bit more around this crying for some people, the unconscious belief is I have so much stored up inside if I dip into that pool.
Gwenevere Abriel: It'll overwhelming. So I won't defend at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that oftentimes the the undercurrent of why there's avoidance and not wanting to do it. It's not only the conditioning of childhood, but now it's like well now it's too late now. I done waited so long. It's just going to be too much. So if you ever find yourself with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to remind you that you cried.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they talked and you cry and you talked, and you went to the gym yesterday.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, right. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah we wait and you went to the gym.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did your life. It did not overwhelm you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay not history happened you touched it. You touched that sorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you were okay you are okay. You're here to talk about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I want you to remember
Matthew Montano: It. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ultimately, it's okay, you're okay.
Matthew Montano: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me do a little bit of nosing around into our other know here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Jason 19
Matthew Montano: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see. Just, just want to, I like to start with really sort of basic human function stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like to know if there was any alcohol consumption any use of the Suboxone over or under, over the last 24 hours.
Matthew Montano: Last night after I went to the gym with my buddy. We did go have a couple drinks at Applebee's
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Matthew Montano: What did had dinner and a couple of drinks.
Gwenevere Abriel: What kind of drinks.
Matthew Montano: I'm not big on beers. So I had a couple of jack and cokes.
Gwenevere Abriel: To three or four
Matthew Montano: Three. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice how you tended to want to minimize a little bit with me. Just pay attention to it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now that you don't have to go negative. Just pay attention to it. Everybody does the same thing.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: A couple or when he asked a little further to is usually it's twice as much typically it's twice as much. It's okay. Since, right. So, um, did you get a buzz.
Matthew Montano: Little, little, I would say a buzz. Yeah, a bus. I wasn't wasted.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you want to keep drinking
Matthew Montano: No, actually, my friend.
Matthew Montano: And he's he's not a big drinker, neither he, he had the he works at five o'clock in the morning he works for this has a real good job. He wanted to keep drinking and I kind of
Matthew Montano: He we afterward. We came to my house and I was like, maybe it's time for I kind of sent. I was like, Bro, you're, you're drinking, it's time for you to get an Uber and go home.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, interesting. So something else could it happen. Hmm.
Matthew Montano: Something else could happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: It could happen.
Matthew Montano: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me how your I'm on the road to healing matches and later on how it doesn't match how you did last night. So let's go with how it matches. I'm on the road to healing. Tell me some ways that you make sure that you contributed to your healing. What did you do
Matthew Montano: Yesterday,
Matthew Montano: I went to the gym.
Matthew Montano: I
Matthew Montano: Did laundry yesterday I
Matthew Montano: Visit I went to my dad's house visited with him for a while.
Matthew Montano: And, um, and then the going to Applebee's thing was more about just having a nice little mill and having a
Matthew Montano: Little reward after the gym.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that a part of the healing or is that in the others other screen here of things that are not supportive of this journey.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can let's decide later. Let's come back to that one. Yeah, we got Jim. We've got laundry went to Dad's house. Those are definitely part of your healing. Right.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, I've been keeping my house really clean. Okay.
Matthew Montano: You know, when people are in Fairbanks their houses get really my get really, really nasty or really cluttered mind just I'm keeping everything clean and, you know, happy environment. Happy environment.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you weren't on a journey of healing. How might last night have gone
Matthew Montano: I would have got in wasted.
Matthew Montano: I would have said a my friend actually asked me if I could find cocaine last night and I told him no, we're not doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I asked you to do keep keep kick on what else did you do
Matthew Montano: Uh, he said, Let's go get some more beer. I said, No, we're just IT WAS JUST I WAS JUST planning on having those few drinks at Applebee's
Matthew Montano: And
Matthew Montano: Then he was he just kept persistently asking to get cocaine and I kept telling them. No, no, no, no.
Okay.
Matthew Montano: And I was like, and I was like, dude, you it's it's one o'clock in them. It's one almost one o'clock in the morning, you got to work at five, you don't be stupid and he's a really smart guy, you know, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's let's down that one. The train of direction you're going right now that's not on a stick with what you did can't control what they do smart not smart. Whatever. This is what you did. You did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you have hooked up with him also
Matthew Montano: No, he's as he's as straight as an arrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: You put your
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see what it was.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you prioritize
Gwenevere Abriel: Ahead of pleasing this guy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Making him like you whatever impression management is involved in going with. Let's go get coke. Let's go get
Gwenevere Abriel: Wasted all more beer. What did you instead prioritize. Let's name it once you prioritize
Matthew Montano: My recovery.
Gwenevere Abriel: You remember the thought you had
Matthew Montano: I was thinking about the session, we had yesterday.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about it.
Matthew Montano: I thought that was
Matthew Montano: That's what I need, in my life.
Matthew Montano: to hash out those things that I still hold inside of me.
Matthew Montano: That are holding me back from being who I really want to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Was there a part of what happened in that exercise yesterday in that room right
Gwenevere Abriel: That
Gwenevere Abriel: Is getting close to your getting the actual need yet versus alcohol, cocaine,
Gwenevere Abriel: Lots of sex, whatever else. Is it possible that you may have been addressing an underlying need the actual need
Gwenevere Abriel: Are we getting close.
Matthew Montano: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let me see.
What did we do I get into that room. Take a peek at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, we didn't finish it. So let's let's keep working this again this room. We got about
Gwenevere Abriel: How we see how far we get really my mom was a good mom for a long time and he did her, she could understand. I really wanted my mom to be there after she got to forsman Oh, they were closer together auchi
Gwenevere Abriel: French vacation brother got the better years
Gwenevere Abriel: They had more of a connection.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fostering kids and then seeing that girl pool. He really put yourself through a wringer in this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're like brother mother foster girl, ouch, ouch. Zing zing zing. Okay, I got you. So we're about
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know, maybe a fourth of the way through this, because there's big pieces of this that I'd like to get through with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're gonna like the outcome. Just remember that.
Gwenevere Abriel: The goal of this anchor room the destination is it has everything you need in it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's there for you imagery as an actual skill. It's a coping skill that you can go to this place in the future. Plenty of people do it becomes almost as useful and important as the breathing that they can go in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And work out whatever
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I mean.
Matthew Montano: Because we
Gwenevere Abriel: So much better when we're feeling safe when we have all our needs met. We can problem solve a whole lot better. We can identify. Well, what am I really want right now I need to work this out.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe my dad isn't around maybe I don't have someone to reach out to as a friend and I can't schedule anything with my therapist. I've just got me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you can go to this space. So I want to continue to develop it, it has been so useful to so many people. And I want it available to you.
Matthew Montano: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's get back into it. Okay, I'm gonna bring it down a little bit, doesn't mean you do the same thing you might, it might be a completely different experience. But the big invitation. The overarching experience is the MP was about 13 and
Gwenevere Abriel: In a sense, it began with, I need help.
Gwenevere Abriel: I need help. And so just kind of bringing you there. Maybe I would invite you to close your eyes and give yourself this chance to kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Tuning less to what you see
Matthew Montano: And
Gwenevere Abriel: More into how you feel.
Gwenevere Abriel: We have a part of our brain called the insula, which allows you to look inward and know how you're feeling inside. It's amazing. This is a separate part of the brain and knows how to do that. Okay, it's not taking in new information out here what whatever your looks like.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's how is Matt feeling lousy
Gwenevere Abriel: So to the degree that you're comfortable you can open and close your eyes as you need to look back to H
Gwenevere Abriel: Developing this room and some of the pieces that we noticed our it's nicely nicely decorated and it's a bright warm summer day, you can kind of see through the window, the clouds. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can see windows open and you notice on your skin little cool breeze coming in.
Right.
Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything that you're facing this day.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got everything you need in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever issue you're facing this day.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have everything you need.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to continue to scan this room, and I'd like you to look around and give yourself permission to notice what new things come up. Keep looking around this room.
Gwenevere Abriel: And once you just see if there is anything on the walls, there's any other furniture items. And then we're going to take a look at the door, if that's how you got there just ticket, nice and slow. Kind of look around.
Gwenevere Abriel: How did you get to Rome. Do you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Any catch uncensored your first response. There's no wrong way to do this activity.
Matthew Montano: I would say my mom took me into the room. There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if she's still there.
Matthew Montano: She is she's still there. Yeah. If yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: If that changes, that's fine too. Again, no wrong way to do this. You just need to do this Uncensored, you have a big piece of a people pleaser piece of it that we got to be really mindful of. You don't want to do that. You don't want to be the good client.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, oh yeah, I know I tried put try and put on good Facebook.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to. I want you to be my worst, most difficult. OK.
Matthew Montano: OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can do, but I don't like the conscious, deliberate stuff, but hopefully gives you permission to oh I just saw this and no one doesn't want to hear that. No, I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do. I just felt sick to my stomach. I do want to know.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you are moving you're moving around. And there's this sort of still this energy moving. We're still an energy. Right. I want to know about those things. There's no wrong way, whatever's coming up for you. That's what I'm interested in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go there again.
Gwenevere Abriel: There is this this 13 year old and mom knew what to do. And she brought you in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go back there and and really let's now pay attention to another sense
Gwenevere Abriel: This one's really old we we creatures. We've been using our sense of smell, for a long time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whole separate part of the brain is to process what we smell.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can notice what MP notices in there. What's the smell in our room.
Matthew Montano: I used to like the
Matthew Montano: Smell of her purse.
Gwenevere Abriel: just noticed that
Gwenevere Abriel: You present with it. Isn't it amazing being all that you can summon that back into your awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't that something. There it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: And sometimes with it comes other sensations other emotions. Other thoughts, what's coming up for you.
Matthew Montano: It's making me emotional you
Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a strong one for us that sense of smell.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can trigger a very large network memories and experiences.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's emotional. What would you, what would you label the emotion that you're feeling right now, do you think that is
Matthew Montano: Like a sense of loss like I didn't get something that
Matthew Montano: I deserved.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it a longing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it a like.
Gwenevere Abriel: A wanting it. It's still not here. I'm still longing for it and I deserved it. Right.
Matthew Montano: Codes are filling of
Matthew Montano: I don't think I'll be able to
Matthew Montano: That what that isn't there anymore. My mom's a different person now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and it's not available to you anymore that window has passed his clothes, you don't get to have it.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, and I can come from myself with, you know, I have
Matthew Montano: Like I'm really close to my had to choose, almost like a she's become more of a mother figure to me what I need advice.
Matthew Montano: No.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I hear you my word that's stay here with me. Let's go back in. We've got more work to do. And now, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the amazing thing about this room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the longing doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: We get to have exactly what we want in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You get to have what you want. So with that smell comes exactly mom knowing just what to do. Can you picture she knows just what to do to take care of you in your longing.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you see her doing what is she noted to
Matthew Montano: Just listen and embrace me
Gwenevere Abriel: So, picture it see her eyes, recognizing your pain and your, your need.
Gwenevere Abriel: To really be heard and embraced. She knows just what to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice the smell as she's there embracing you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know how it feels.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're
Gwenevere Abriel: There.
Gwenevere Abriel: Knowing how to do that. She knows what to do. You don't even have to ask her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Want you to
Gwenevere Abriel: Find out if her embrace is honest if it's conditional if she has some if fans or she genuinely listening and embracing you
Matthew Montano: I feel like
Matthew Montano: She's genuine, but she did know she does, she didn't know how she didn't understand what else boy.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's that's add to it. That's so smart, hold on to that I want you to tune into the body, not one that is called a dissonance. You can tell
Gwenevere Abriel: There's something missing. So pay attention to your body. See what parties activated right now which one is saying there's something still off about what's happening with mom, she doesn't know how to do this.
Okay.
Matthew Montano: Very graphs new tissue tissue.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think have that handy all the time.
Matthew Montano: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Guys together when you're ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you
Gwenevere Abriel: Off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really doesn't know what to do. That was coming from, from one of your right. She doesn't know what to do. It would have been nice if she did your mom, your mom didn't know what to do. So let's take that that truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'd like you. I know it may seem foreign but I want you to turn and really attuned to your own body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Builders. Those are usually pretty good communicators.
Gwenevere Abriel: Party.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your shoulders.
Gwenevere Abriel: may register.
Matthew Montano: They're not. They're not tense right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's happening.
Matthew Montano: I guess, cuz
Matthew Montano: I'm crying. Well, I guess, but the the tensing of the shoulders of the tensing of the neck and the back. The sweaty palms is a when I'm holding stuff it
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so go let's go to the tears, close your eyes like we want to get in this room. We want to get this constructed for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So go there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now we're going to tune into the tears the tears are now informing what needs to happen. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's an awareness that mom doesn't really know what to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're gonna, we're going to address that now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this is may seem silly, but I'd like you to give a voice to those tears.
Gwenevere Abriel: To imagine if it isn't your mom. Maybe it's someone else it can be anybody allow that first
Gwenevere Abriel: Response
Gwenevere Abriel: To emerge. There's going to be someone some resource that knows how to teach your mom how to take care of you. Who knows how to teach mom just what you need. She needs to know from someone how to really listen
Gwenevere Abriel: And embrace
Matthew Montano: My dad.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just, just be with that and see what uncensored imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: To see appear. How can we make that resource available.
Matthew Montano: I remember
Matthew Montano: One time hearing them arguing and my dad telling my mom.
Matthew Montano: You're not being there for Matt right now. I'm having to be play the role of his mother and his father.
Matthew Montano: When she was going through a lot of print depression and stuff. I remember hearing them arguing in
Matthew Montano: Order to
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a memory. And what I'd like you to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is without a mixture
Gwenevere Abriel: Of feelings and thoughts. Let's scan. One more time. You didn't do did nothing wrong. Now you did it beautifully. You did it beautifully stay there. Again, let's go back to this room may not be ready to have dad just yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Back in there. My eyes are closed. I'm not staring at you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It might just be the quality of dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Might just something he has the knowledge, take out a little twisted up having heard something through the door. So it's not as pure
Gwenevere Abriel: And simple as it was, had you not heard that through the door. So I don't want to go to that one just yet. So there's a quality, though the dead has as a nurturer
Gwenevere Abriel: Who else can we summon in to this space. They can teach mom.
Matthew Montano: Bye.
Matthew Montano: I was. I thought my auntie first and then I thought, my brother even
Gwenevere Abriel: I like it. Let's, let's see what happens. So stay with that imagery. So you're in the room. It's, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: First for this to happen organically. Your mom needs to know how to do what she needs to learn
Gwenevere Abriel: And so
Gwenevere Abriel: Aren't brother and who should we have this encounter with first brother or on
Matthew Montano: Well, if we go back to MP
Matthew Montano: There was times my brother.
Matthew Montano: I, I wanted to say something. I think
Matthew Montano: There's times when my mom was jealous. Jealous.
Matthew Montano: Cuz my dad.
Matthew Montano: My dad were so close.
Gwenevere Abriel: And make sense.
So, and
Matthew Montano: I know it wasn't never that she did love me or didn't want like want me she adores she adores me which she just she was just I think she was jealous.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got it.
Matthew Montano: Okay, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry. Let's stay here. Stay here.
My
Matthew Montano: My. OK, so my brother comes in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, walks in.
Matthew Montano: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: walks in. Now go back to those tears. They are informing what's important right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: On doesn't know what to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: How does it happen that mom learns how does it get done. How does she learn what do you see happening.
Matthew Montano: Okay, say the in the beginning when my mom first started for you, trying to figure out if I was gay.
Matthew Montano: You would do it.
Matthew Montano: really inappropriate leash, you would bring it up when we were say We went out to the restaurant. She brought it up in front of my brother. His girlfriend all all my dad, my niece's
Matthew Montano: She I think she found some like porn on the computer. So being gay porn and she said she said like mad. Do you have something to tell us and and I remember
Matthew Montano: My brother was sitting next year picture underneath the table and kind of went like this. He's like,
Matthew Montano: Like
Matthew Montano: Shut up. Okay. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's let's hold that for just a moment. Let's go back to the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: content out there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: Welcome back in this this this anchor room is going to take quite a few sessions.
Gwenevere Abriel: But yeah, it's gonna be yours, baby. It's gonna be yours forever, you're getting your hard earned you are working hard at this
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well let's go again.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, you said he was going to go with the flow. So we go back. Let's do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That may not be enough MP kicking mom telling her what not to do does not mean that she knows what to do.
That's
Gwenevere Abriel: Your landscape knows how to teach your mom.
Matthew Montano: Okay, so my ads, he walks in.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he walks in. Now be with the tears with the truth of your day. This the I haven't right come to terms with who I am on that out. It's a hard day. That's a hard one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your auntie walks in.
The
Gwenevere Abriel: Picture that negotiation between onto mom and how many auntie is is making sure that mom learns first before there's an interaction with you. What do you see on to doing
Matthew Montano: Would say
Matthew Montano: Listen, listen to listen to what yes say
Matthew Montano: Don't be so judgmental.
Matthew Montano: No, go and we're going to sit here and talk this out till we figure it out or family, we're going to figure this out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does you're looking closely at your mom does she have any idea what that means about in the absence of judgment. Does she know what to do.
Matthew Montano: She said, my mom. My mom.
Matthew Montano: Had a rough family. So, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on, go back to it. You've got stories coming out. Me go back to picture her. Let's face it says
Matthew Montano: Okay. My mom would react with anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like this, you're onto
Matthew Montano: My, my aunt.
Matthew Montano: My dad's would
Matthew Montano: Back away. And so, okay, he's it's really, it's your son. I'm gonna tell you how to raise your son.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you're getting real. Now you're getting real
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Scan your environment. Again, scan again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Try not to rule out. Anyone here. Some of the people or anything that pops in there, you're ruling some out who can handle your mom.
Matthew Montano: My dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we're back to dad. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe dad's only in there for a little while. Can dad handle her anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Make sure she hears the importance of listening without judging. Can he get his point across, and teach this lesson can keep teach it. Does he know it himself. Is he the teacher.
Matthew Montano: For a long time he could, but
Matthew Montano: There, towards the end and still to this day. There's no one who can stop my mom from
Matthew Montano: just spitting out or negativity.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's why we keep popping out of here. So stay there for a second, that's okay. That's on time, that's just fine. That's great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, no, no, no storytelling. I want you to look at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to look at me and I want you
Gwenevere Abriel: To teach me I'm your mom. Notice I do the same thing I shut you up cut you off.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to tell me how I need to treat you.
Gwenevere Abriel: To show you I can listen to you. Tell me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at me.
Matthew Montano: It's harder when you look at me.
Matthew Montano: I need, I need you, Mom, I need to just listen to each
Gwenevere Abriel: Other hard
Matthew Montano: To bore them anybody
Matthew Montano: I need your engine brace. I really need you to listen to me.
Matthew Montano: And be there for me.
Matthew Montano: But but but
Gwenevere Abriel: But I have to judge you. What do I do with this judgment. What do I do with it. I don't know what to do with this. I have, what do I do with this judgment.
Matthew Montano: You should just just
Matthew Montano: The way I have
Gwenevere Abriel: Had I don't understand. I don't understand it. I don't understand.
Matthew Montano: That you're, you're my mom, you have to figure it out. You have to figure out a way that you have to figure out a way to do let's you know you're the you're the adult you you figure it out.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to work it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's part of the job. That's part of being a parent.
Matthew Montano: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Not for you to take care of me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm supposed to be here for you. Just unconditionally.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Listen to your hard days you're navigating some tough terrain, man.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, there is the bully.
Matthew Montano: When I was, you know, just called fat kid just by my own friends. I hope you guys I I hung out with my girlfriends, were those were my real friends. And then I went to my group of friends, they would just call me fat get bullied be just and I didn't
Matthew Montano: I didn't even know why they were doing that. I didn't even though I was getting hit
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh no, that's so
Matthew Montano: And I would go these things would happen. There was a time I got in a fight with the guy.
Matthew Montano: And my nose got broken and it was bleeding. And I went, my best friend, Mike. He was my cousin. He took me to the fight my know my shirt was full of blood and we she took me and my husband clean me up and I went home. I went home and I tell her anything about it because
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, hold on. Tell me, I didn't tell you, Mom. Tell me why.
Matthew Montano: Already I tell you because I was afraid you're gonna judge me. I was gonna afraid you're gonna say it was my fault of the you that I I caused that to happen.
Matthew Montano: It was something that I did so.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you turn to them.
I just
Matthew Montano: I just held it in
Gwenevere Abriel: You had nowhere to go to tell you, everything's gonna be okay. It's not your
Matthew Montano: Photo and I had a black guy and a swollen nose and she didn't notice that. And I told her I just got into a fight, and I just kind of said I got into a fight. It's okay. It's just it was just a fight because I knew she would judge me. And I went to school the next day.
Matthew Montano: With a black guy my nose. I'll puffy my face puffy walking down the halls with everyone laughing at me because everyone had heard about this fight.
Matthew Montano: And instead of me being able to talk to her and her say, well, we'll keep you out of school for a few days. So to your face.
Matthew Montano: Like I come on down, like, you know, if, when I have a child. I'm not if something like that happens I'm sending him to school the next day. And I remember walking down the halls of people laughing at me funny laughing at me, but the Friends of that guy.
Matthew Montano: And I just never, never dealt with it. How did all when
Gwenevere Abriel: I failed you. I'm so, so sorry I was worried about me and my confusion and not knowing what to do, I failed to I just feel to be there for you. There's just no if ands, or buts about it.
Yeah.
Matthew Montano: I did.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no denying it. I made
Gwenevere Abriel: I made it about me.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, you made it. Everything about you seem like it's you, like, you know, with
Matthew Montano: Our family was got going good, you know, but but my parents went from being very poor, poor families to making something of themselves and and it seems you
Matthew Montano: In your selfish ways just wanted there towards the M on into ruin you know you to them are dead.
Yeah.
Matthew Montano: Now suffering in my dad's doing fine. He has a
Matthew Montano: Good Wife now and is doing good. And she's suffering.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me I'm suffering, tell me.
Matthew Montano: Mom you these decisions, you may is the reason why you're an alcoholic. Now is the reason you drink every day is the reason you get with these disgusting men just to help you pay your bills.
Matthew Montano: That's why.
Matthew Montano: That's why you do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are really hard things to hear because I think there's
Gwenevere Abriel: I think there's a lot of truth to it really hard to hear it's it's ugly and it's hard to hear.
Matthew Montano: And she would um
Matthew Montano: I would never say that to somebody who I had a
Matthew Montano: You know who hadn't hurt me so much right there wasn't so much emotion evolve, but but like my mom when I went to would go visit her would start the conversation with
Matthew Montano: My like how's your fat ass dad doing and my dad.
Matthew Montano: And house his, his of the ass.
Matthew Montano: Right, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How did you feel when I did that I
Matthew Montano: am angry, angry.
Matthew Montano: I said, that's my, my dad. My dad was been there for me. Way more than you've ever been there for me so
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep telling me that keep telling me you
Matthew Montano: Don't, don't. I came to visit you. I came here, I don't have to come here and visit you. I don't have to be there.
Matthew Montano: My brother and his wife and your three nieces have separated themselves from you. You have no one and all I do when I come to visit you is you talk about my dad you talk about his wife, you talk about my brother, you talk about his wife.
Gwenevere Abriel: One more time. What are you going to do
Matthew Montano: If what
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm negative again. What are you going to do
Matthew Montano: I'm not not coming back. I'm not coming back to visit you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does it feel like to say that
If
Matthew Montano: It feels good. It feels like I'm taking a stand.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm in my alcoholism and of course with addiction comes a lot of selfishness it addiction doesn't care about their children. It just doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: It just only cares about
Gwenevere Abriel: Escape from shame when you get out of there, not wanting to feel certainly doesn't care.
Matthew Montano: It's funny because my mom nurtured me loved me.
Matthew Montano: So much was worse, she still loves me. She adores me. She just we don't we don't. It's just too much, too much of a tweet too much clashing
Matthew Montano: But it lasted up until I was about
Matthew Montano: Low 1415 years old that there's just a complete disconnect
Gwenevere Abriel: So we'll shift down in this role play a little bit. And let's do some processing with a little bit of time today went by really fast. Am I right.
Yeah.
Matthew Montano: Yes, he does. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So go in
Gwenevere Abriel: And reflect about what is important, what's valuable about this experience for you today. Take it nice and easy.
Matthew Montano: Relief
Relief
Gwenevere Abriel: It does take time.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't rush it. You don't take, we don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: What got start
Gwenevere Abriel: And this felt you felt some relief.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, I'm sorry. Reach for relief.
Gwenevere Abriel: And notice what happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: Interpersonal least. So notice how I was or wasn't there for you. Just notice what did it feel like to tell me about your feelings, your experience with another human who didn't make it about herself. What was that like
Matthew Montano: When you're playing my mom.
Matthew Montano: What was it like
Are you
Matthew Montano: Communicating things I was
Matthew Montano: It felt
Matthew Montano: It felt good.
Matthew Montano: Because she wasn't coming back, cuz she would automatically be my mom can get ugly. She'd say, oh, if, if I say don't talk about my dad like that. She'd say, oh fuck your dad, he, he did this or that. It's hot. It's awful. The thing.
Very
Matthew Montano: Very ugly. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't want to be around that.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, and that's that's
Gwenevere Abriel: That's where she that she's action. I hope she gets help. She's in it pretty deep.
Matthew Montano: And if if
Matthew Montano: If she bring if every time I talked to her if every time I
Matthew Montano: You know, try and visit her. It's nothing but negativity. Is it okay to disconnect for
Gwenevere Abriel: You're asking my advice. I will give you my opinion, but I don't know what's right for you notice but but reflect on your own truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which you protect a little boy from someone like them.
Matthew Montano: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you already have your answer. Yep.
Matthew Montano: Yes yes yes yes we we protect. That's what we do.
Gwenevere Abriel: We protect and then inside that safe corral of safety we teach we reinforce We praise you.
Gwenevere Abriel: We best
Matthew Montano: On. Yeah, that's awful to hear what it would. No wonder my brother protects his deep his daughters from now. I understand that. And I was there for her.
Matthew Montano: I was the only I felt like I was the only one there for her.
Matthew Montano: But, but that's awful to hear
Matthew Montano: The way he put it, but it's it's the truth. That's the truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: So right
Gwenevere Abriel: At the very moment when right your sexuality and this pressure this social piece right it that 1214 right in there. It's such a critical developmental phase. And there's a
Gwenevere Abriel: Huge failure.
Matthew Montano: My, my, my sexualities did start then it's when I since I can remember since I was two years old I retracted.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, it wasn't it didn't just it was, it wasn't like it was
Matthew Montano: It was all it was always there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Make sure I say it so that it goes in the way it's intended everyone
Gwenevere Abriel: Goes through developmental milestones. The one that happens at 1214
Gwenevere Abriel: Start to really feel a lot of pressure and influence from your peer group and your body. You're not sexual at to
Gwenevere Abriel: Your body is developing puberty is occurring that
Gwenevere Abriel: You're getting hair you smell. Trust me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Boys.
Gwenevere Abriel: Boys. I got
Gwenevere Abriel: Guys, your bias there just like you get erections you stinky your. I'm like, who is this person right it's your bodies are becoming three are becoming pro create your, you are right there.
Matthew Montano: Co creators, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, so there's the sexual impulse, there's this all this stuff is happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your mom was unavailable to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just that was beautiful.
Matthew Montano: And she was, she was. It was like
Matthew Montano: She was jealous of me. She did. She my dad. I was so close to my dad. I was closer to it just not because of her I was closer to my dad just because
Matthew Montano: Then I might my brother. I'm cosmic
Gwenevere Abriel: Listen, we're at the top of the hour. My next clients. Here, listen, take this and let's bring some closure to it by maybe doing some journaling and finish the story. Write it down.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you angry about what still left. What, what is it,
Gwenevere Abriel: Where's the anger. Give yourself permission to write that. I don't care if you burn the piece of paper, you can share it with me. Stick it in a
Gwenevere Abriel: helium balloon and send it off and give it to her, don't know what you're going to do with it. But let's get it written. Let's get it written down what's left in this anger and resentment.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see if you can tell me about it next time. Okay. I want, I don't want to continue opening up when we're, we're, need to be starting to
Gwenevere Abriel: Be back in a space of this session is coming to a close. Let's not open up more. Let's bring it down to a close.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I'd like to know before this, this one opened up, you and I had already scheduled something I needed to make sure you still want to meet at 10 o'clock on Friday. Do you want me to give that to someone else, or do you want to meet again on Friday.
Matthew Montano: I'm open to me to give a Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I'll leave you at 10 o'clock this Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe you can take what I just invited and bring it. I can hear it, what's left over. It might. Don't worry about the precision if it turns out anger turns into something else that's fine too but let's you still got a lot left in. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: This way it can land on the paper when we visit the room. Something else might happen in there. Once that anger gets written on the paper. Okay. Can you do that, can you leave here and just kind of scribble down some some leftover thoughts.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you do your journaling and I'll see you on Friday.
Matthew Montano: See you on Friday.
Matthew Montano: Sounds good. Bye.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, Josh.
Joshua Lopez: Sorry. Hey,
Joshua Lopez: With getting fading. And I was like, let me get some real quick.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me Um, so you are my last appointment today. So I'm sometimes it means that if I run a little my last class ends up kind of starting a little late. Sorry about that.
Joshua Lopez: No, not a big deal. How to be you. I do appreciate the reminders, though, you know, I know the appointments and the time, but the reminder just kind of refreshes me and, you know, making sure we keep me honest, I guess you could say.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like some
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me, let me get a note open for us.
Gwenevere Abriel: While I'm doing that. I still haven't heard how the new job is. It's been that long. So how's it going
Joshua Lopez: I'm pretty good. I've
Joshua Lopez: Had my two weeks of orientation.
Joshua Lopez: And now I'm on the floor working
Joshua Lopez: I got some positive feedback. I don't know if I mentioned this, but my brother's work there for like eight years. He's always encouraged me to to work there.
Joshua Lopez: One. One of the guys. He was work that he worked with in the same department for a long time, had to give me as an so training safety observation training.
Joshua Lopez: And talking with him. He said that the company must have thought highly of me because where they put me the equipment that I'm running.
Joshua Lopez: That they don't just put anybody there that you know only people that they feel happy about and can handle it so that that made me feel real good. Um,
Joshua Lopez: It's an awesome job I've, I actually enjoy going in. I look forward to to it. They're, they're long days. But if the schedule is pretty awesome. I know, I tried to explain it to you in a quick matter, but it's confusing at first.
Joshua Lopez: It but you know i'll be off every other Monday, so that all not contradict the group will have days off during the week, which I can always schedule individuals with you and my schedule is printed out for the entire year. So
Joshua Lopez: You know, it'll make it easy to communicate with you. But yeah, I love that job. It's very awesome in very satisfying being there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your, your, your voice. The way you're speaking the
Joshua Lopez: Energy my connection.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, I'm saying that. Yeah, the connection went a little bad
Gwenevere Abriel: But I want to say that you sound so so much more energized.
Gwenevere Abriel: You sound happier.
Gwenevere Abriel: Than how it feels.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I guess we lost connection to bad dog on it.
Joshua Lopez: Yeah, and then also I moved out of my parents house which
Gwenevere Abriel: When did you move out.
Joshua Lopez: Two weeks ago, they, they were just giving me so much more stress and things like, you know, it just
Joshua Lopez: It was real negative to be around them. It just they're making life harder.
Joshua Lopez: So I finally just we got into it. I grabbed my stuff and I left.
Joshua Lopez: Last week was kind of a rough go because I found a place like an extended stay hotel. It was really rough
Joshua Lopez: Wasn't the greatest place to be. This week, however, I found a decent place. It's like a studio. It's not permanent. But it's definitely something I could be out for the next couple of months, how I find a better situation, but it's it's it's fairly nice
Joshua Lopez: You know, I've went and got me COMFORTER SETS pillows, like, you know, just stuff that you need when you move into a place which felt really really good it felt
Joshua Lopez: You know,
Joshua Lopez: Gratifying I guess is the word. Awesome. And it's, it's definitely different. It did help me my confidence grew up a bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I was gonna ask about you've
Joshua Lopez: Got a goal. And I had to turn off the video because this
Joshua Lopez: Internet here is not this
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I'm glad you said that because one of your goals is increased self confidence. So as you were shopping and realizing right you have this this predictable income coming in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what the thought was, as you were shopping
Joshua Lopez: Net
Gwenevere Abriel: On gone it
Joshua Lopez: I do apologize this internet is bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what were you thinking when you were shopping. Let me hear some of your thoughts about yourself that really represent this this renewed confidence.
Joshua Lopez: Um, it just
Joshua Lopez: Kind of starting to feel like myself again.
Joshua Lopez: Of course my daughter went with me. So she was helping me pick stuff out and you know she she was excited to help me decorate it
Joshua Lopez: You know it did feel it did feel gratifying. It felt like
Joshua Lopez: It's a new chapter of my life.
Joshua Lopez: My parents. I didn't feel like that. I just felt like I was stuck. I felt like I was not going forward.
Joshua Lopez: But I do feel I do feel like I'm actually going forward. It's a bit scary, but the same time it's like it's happening. You know, I'm kind of just living in that moment.
Joshua Lopez: Having a good job really helps you know it's not the first time in my life I feel like I don't just have a job actually have a career, something I can retire in you know it's an awesome place to be. Definitely.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like it
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Man is this long overdue.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right, now that new chapter begins right you know away from your family that's super smart, but thank goodness they were there while you kind of work through this this period of time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you have a, you know, you have this career developing and you're in a place. I'm assuming it's like a month to month kind of least
Joshua Lopez: Um, it is, but it's more weekly. It's a bit expensive but
Joshua Lopez: I working to build my credit to get an actual place and the time being. This is a place that allows me to be here without going credit
Joshua Lopez: So that's a bit pricey, but it's kind of what I have to do, you know, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's fine. So, do you know what your score is have you actually like gone on a Credit Karma credit score whatever and checked it out or or kind of found out with these three there's three bureaus that check your credit you know what it is, these days.
Joshua Lopez: I do not, I was looking at rent to own houses and they connected me to some law firm to help rebuild my credit and they did like a
Joshua Lopez: Summary and it didn't sound like it was good.
Joshua Lopez: So I'm going to be working with with them to rebuild my credit. I didn't give them permission to pull it yet because it was going to cost money. And at that time I didn't have the money to do there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are free places. I mean, you obviously
Gwenevere Abriel: But there are places I know credit
Gwenevere Abriel: Karma. I've certainly pulled mine from there just to take a peek.
Okay.
Joshua Lopez: That
Should see
The credit report.
See
Gwenevere Abriel: Says credit report all three bureaus that one's 10 bucks. That's pretty cheap. If you can get all three. That's better. Credit Karma my record, trying to remember if they do all three bureaus.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do I get my free credit score.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so this is all news to you this this concept that there are places that you can get it for free.
Joshua Lopez: I'm not really I just a thing in the years that I knew my credit was bad that I just kind of like scared to look at it.
Joshua Lopez: But it's, it's, you know, I'm learning now to deal with these problems to hit them head on.
Joshua Lopez: So I'll definitely be looking at it. I will. I know like this situation. I mean, living at where I'm at. It's not permanent. And in order to move forward. I do. Got to address my credit
Joshua Lopez: And that's something that I will be tackling for sure. I'm not going to put it off anymore. I'm not going to be there.
Joshua Lopez: Yeah, me too.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sometimes it's people have stolen your name and if you're not paying attention to it. They can be running credit cards, and they can be damaging your credit to. So even if you put aside.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's say you've done some work. I hope around shame and you said, Okay, that's not an option. I just need to go do the next
Gwenevere Abriel: Solution. What do I need to do. Okay, and you did and you found this this organization that works with an attorney.
Gwenevere Abriel: But there are some things that you can be doing yourself, which is pulling your own score you can. There's letters that you can write yourself and send them to a bureau and you can advocate for yourself and say this isn't me
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, you can call lenders yourself and say, I'd like to set up a payment plan so that I can pay this debt down
Gwenevere Abriel: your right foot, you know, you're avoiding it doesn't help anything but you sound like you're starting to get more confident, my, my only concern was
Gwenevere Abriel: When I heard the word attorney. I got, like, well, they're expensive.
Gwenevere Abriel: All of a sudden I got like
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, that might be a good thing to pay for. We
Gwenevere Abriel: Go ahead.
Joshua Lopez: And that's one of the reasons why I stopped them when they did the summary. They're like, oh, for $5 you know
Joshua Lopez: will pull your credit and then you'll be charged X amount of dollars, monthly, and I was like, whoa, wait, pump the brakes. I'm if I could afford to pay you guys that monthly I would rather put that towards bills. So I put that I told him you know I stopped him right there.
Joshua Lopez: And I, you know, I was like, if it's something I want to do. I will contact you guys
Joshua Lopez: But, uh, I want to explore my other options and talking with you. It sounds like there's a lot. I can do myself without involving them. So I definitely did not make any commitments to them. I just you know i i agree with you.
Joshua Lopez: It was pretty expensive. And I'm like, you know, I, I, not in a position to add more debt or more deals to myself right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: This is just this is literally me just going on the internet took me two seconds. So how do I get a free credit report. Well, that's what you want is you want to see you want to look in trans union.
Gwenevere Abriel: Equifax and I forget, I forget the third one, they may only do two I'm transit Equifax, there's, there's one more. So, this one looks like you get it free. But you don't get all three. See how it says Credit Karma offers free credit reports for two of the major credit bureaus.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's pretty common.
Gwenevere Abriel: That there's what I've noticed is they'll be a report that's consistent with
Gwenevere Abriel: Two of them, but the third one like it'd be like a student loan that that only that one goes to this third one, this won't give you the full picture, but it will give you what you need is some to get past of fear. You got to get past right
Joshua Lopez: Before
Gwenevere Abriel: I get past this first fertile. So it's a it's free. You create an account you sit here and you just create an account only takes a couple minutes you we pull your credit report from these two unions, the credit
Gwenevere Abriel: Trans union and Equifax and highlight important items to make the reports easier to understand your course can be updated weekly. You can check on as often as you want. We also show your credit scores from these two
Gwenevere Abriel: Locations, along with a breakdown of factors that can impact it we show you offers that could save you money like lower interest rates, blah, blah, blah. So ignore that stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you take an offer from one of our advertising partners, they make money. So they're trying right they're offering something for free. They do.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're trying to make this available to us, but they are hoping that maybe you'll, you know, they'll make some money by you taking on these other things. But you don't have to. So if you don't see any offers you like, no worries. Credit Karma will always be free.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you read through
Gwenevere Abriel: Find out what's in there for you just to get past this big scary hurdle.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's that and then
Gwenevere Abriel: What did I just said.
Three.
Years ago.
Joshua Lopez: And I think the sooner I do this the better of course but um when they get that summary there was something that popped up on there that I
Joshua Lopez: Pretty sure isn't me I'm like you said, people can can get you like that. They, they were saying that I went into collection with PNM which is the electrical company out here.
Joshua Lopez: Okay, January 2020 and I have not had PNM under my name in years. So the fact that I went into collection with them, January 2020 and I send out some some red flags, like, wait, you know, I don't, I don't have anything under my name through PNM I haven't for years now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I definitely. So that's where Joshua, you'd be calling. Let's say you saw that under experience that was the third name by the way, let's say you call you can call experience directly. And you can say, how do I challenge this
Gwenevere Abriel: They they're used to it all day long. They're used to it. So there's a special, special form and you refute it. And you say, That's not me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I can show you my bills coming from PNM and it was over here. See, this is what was going on. This is fraudulent, how do I prove this, what do I do, I would like over time to have this removed from my my history.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so you get what you do is
Gwenevere Abriel: You get all three of these numbers and you start hacking away at it.
Joshua Lopez: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And obviously, right, you're very careful with once you get into a lease that's that's exciting because that means now you're building this credit history.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then there's also these little credit cards that you can get for 100 300 and you can say, hey, look, I have this history. I've been paying this off. So as soon as you know
Gwenevere Abriel: I can. I'll put money like oh my groceries. I know I have the money for groceries or you haven't budgeted I'll pay that month after month after month full payment full payment full payment, you're already buying groceries. Might as well. And now you're building your credit history again.
Joshua Lopez: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's ironic that you have to be in debt to show people that you have good credit
Joshua Lopez: You got to put
Gwenevere Abriel: In debt. It's just this cookie thing I know for my family. I've said, Listen, let's get you a little credit card.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you don't go nuts. But then you pay it off. You don't use it for, you know, getting everything you want. You just use it as if it was cash and then you pay it immediately, then that shows. Hey, I am trustworthy and I'm a good credit risk.
Joshua Lopez: So doesn't that that
Joshua Lopez: And that makes a lot of sense out of friend do that when we were younger, he, you know, didn't have a lot of out growing up. And one of the ways he built his credit is
Joshua Lopez: He would use his credit card, even though he had cash to buy something he would use the credit card and then a week later pay off whatever he used his credit card on
Joshua Lopez: And that's kind of how he was able to purchase a car. Later on, how he was able to you know me, I had good credit at one time I had great credit
Joshua Lopez: But over the years, especially in the peak of my addiction lost the house lost the truck lost. You know what I mean. I kind of sabotage my credit. So now that I'm in the peak of recovery. I think it just makes sense to rebuild. You know, it's time to rebuild definitely overdo.
Gwenevere Abriel: It let's get, let's get honest about this. So I just did something I just brought something up in front of you. Just, just notice how distressing. It was, what did you notice when I brought that up in front of you.
Joshua Lopez: What's that the
Joshua Lopez: Credit Karma. Yeah.
Joshua Lopez: I felt like you're giving me valuable advice. I did feel like
Joshua Lopez: I can formulate a game plan based on this. I'm not as lost as I was not as, you know, I was a bit more scared before talking to you about it because I was thinking maybe I do have to call that law firm to help me. But talking to you. I feel more confident that there's things I can do myself.
Joshua Lopez: For definitely definitely good feeling. Definitely.
Gwenevere Abriel: So good when you first saw it was, was there an initial distress emotion when you first saw it.
Joshua Lopez: Um, I know wouldn't see your was great. Oh, but more of a sense of hope. I guess you could say, like, okay, I feel more like I said, I feel more confident doing it.
Joshua Lopez: On my own, rather than needing some expensive law firm to help me. You know, I could afford that law firm and I wouldn't be in debt right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so that was my concern to
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's shift gears a little bit, you've got a little bit of a game plan.
Gwenevere Abriel: Joshua, you don't know what you don't know. There are a lot of people out there that have useful bits of information. There are people that you work with. There are people that
Gwenevere Abriel: Are going through, or maybe just a few steps ahead of you that can give you even more confidence and say, and I did this and I did this and I did this.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just notice if Shane's there, you won't have that conversation with people.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be real careful because you might be missing out on conversations and resources that you'll rob yourself of
Gwenevere Abriel: Ok let's continue just reviewing just want to spend a minute. Let me just come over here, your original goal was big goal say
Gwenevere Abriel: At about
Gwenevere Abriel: By about a bit a bit of two
Or
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Between February 10 and 24 which is kind of where we are. You are going to be at. And I know you have this no expense. I get that. But let's just, we're just looking at numbers.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are going to be at 1681 next Tuesday next Monday. Um, where are you at, let's because we got to kind of deal with the fact that you have this this place you're paying for
Joshua Lopez: I'm in all honesty, I am not. I haven't saved anything
Joshua Lopez: The first week I moved out. I'd given my mom rent money and I just turned on the internet. So that was over $200 and then the very same day, we got into a fight and I left and I had to spend like 300 and some to stay somewhere else.
Joshua Lopez: And I had to eat and put gas so that left me broke
Joshua Lopez: This week I found
This place.
Joshua Lopez: Which was like I said, it's pretty pricey. It's like 200 and some are we
Joshua Lopez: Going
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the some
Joshua Lopez: It's to 80 to 85 I believe
Joshua Lopez: Then, not having a comforter not having pillows basically not having any thing. I spent about $300 at Walmart buying you know brooms rakes towels comforter pillows, you know, necessities to live dishes, pots, pans. Plus I bought a little bit of food.
Joshua Lopez: So again, I left myself not completely broke. I left myself with enough gas money for the week. Tomorrow I get paid. Again, so I won't have nearly as much expenses, but there's still a couple of things I need to get and I
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, I noticed. Now you can discard this this information or use it up to you. But part of the enjoying it was doing this with your daughter. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was that part of the enjoyment, was that you were with her and she was helping you shop.
Joshua Lopez: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I don't want to minimize that part. But there is there's places like
Gwenevere Abriel: A Salvation Army there's places that you can be maybe getting some things that aren't going to be as expensive or like on marketplace on Facebook. They have this thing called marketplace or something similar to a Craigslist. It's kind of scary but
Gwenevere Abriel: Just notice there are other ways. Now that you know you got the secondary gain of being able to shop with your daughter, which is really special, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't put a price on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But there are other ways that you can you can take a close look at maybe a little more thrift, if you needed to. If that's not in your window of option, then that's fine too. I'm just letting you know that sometimes you can get even better quality, but they have been formerly owned
Joshua Lopez: Yeah, I mean, for the most part, I don't need too much more I need like a toaster.
Joshua Lopez: A mop, um, you know, I did save as much as I possibly could. When I bought a coffee pot. You know, I bought a $10 coffee pot. You know, I didn't, didn't go for the bells and whistles. I went with the cheapest one I could find.
Joshua Lopez: And I did that with a lot of this stuff. I bought it was the cheapest room. I could find the cheapest desk. Can you know what I mean, it was
Joshua Lopez: A It was more, you know, I didn't want to spend this stuff, but I talked with my brother, and he's like, Don't think about it as wasting money or
Joshua Lopez: Stuff like that. Is this stuff that you needed. Anyway, you need that stuff, you know, to mean pillows. I needed trash can, you know, just little stuff like that. I'm kind of excited though this week. I don't have to spend as much for the first
Gwenevere Abriel: What's left, you have a toaster.
Joshua Lopez: When older
Joshua Lopez: I need like a mop or one of those Swiffer those slippers. I think are probably better because it's wood floors.
Joshua Lopez: And I know mopping wood floors isn't ideal. You can work the wood or you know what I mean, it's probably going to get a Swiffer toaster. I would like a better shower curtain, the shower curtain that here didn't look like it was clean.
Joshua Lopez: I do want a shower curtain. Yeah, it's just wasn't in the budget last week there was, you know, everything started adding up and I was like, wow, I need. I do need gas for the week can't leave myself without gas because then I won't be able to afford anything after that, you know,
Joshua Lopez: So just probably like three things and then groceries. I definitely I bought a lot of snacks and food for when my kids come and stay with me.
Joshua Lopez: But I didn't buy like actual like dinner stuff because I didn't have the utensils and stuff but I bought those just a couple of days ago. So when I get paid tomorrow by like actual stuff. I can make dinner with
Joshua Lopez: No more eating out. It's disgusting. I've been eating out for like two weeks because in have a, you know, I didn't have the, the, the tools to cook with, you know,
Joshua Lopez: Go. Yeah, so maybe some spices pepper, salt, stuff like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Things that you can continue to to use, not just one time use to
Joshua Lopez: Yeah, and
Joshua Lopez: It's starting all over basically from square one. So, and you wouldn't be cheap but you know it's it is what it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so let's see we got two to 85 a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what is the what's going to be coming in. I forget what you told me every two weeks.
Joshua Lopez: Okay, so I I finally figured out how it works over there. So one week and I don't know the number like the deck bound. I'll be making because my first two paychecks were orientation hours.
Joshua Lopez: Which are going to change net now that I'm on my regular schedule. So one week is my short week I will have 37 and a half hours at 1850 an hour and then the following week I will have 50 hours.
Joshua Lopez: 1850 and then of course 10 hours of time and a half. So,
Joshua Lopez: I did the numbers a
Joshua Lopez: week and a half ago, I want to say, but I don't remember off the top of my head. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Gwenevere Abriel: See 37 times 10.50 that's the 64 men not 50 times 2.50 925. And I don't know about the time and a half. I don't know what time and a half means your
Time and a half.
Joshua Lopez: So basically, so 40 hours of that will be 1850 than
Joshua Lopez: 10 hours will be
Joshua Lopez: So half of 1850 would be 925 so it'd be 2775 for 10 hours.
Gwenevere Abriel: In addition to the
Joshua Lopez: I know know if so, so basically the week that I have 50 hours would be 40 times 1850 man.
Joshua Lopez: I see it down times
Joshua Lopez: 2775 yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I got it. Now, hold on, let me just see what happens with that. Instead, it's 925 years off, let me do that again we go 40 times at
740 and then we've got
10 just move the decimal point on that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a people person, not a math person, yo.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me, I'm like, Boy, that looks familiar.
Gwenevere Abriel: Point five zero you okay so 17 basically 1700 minus some taxes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Pretty quickly you're, you're going to be able to
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me just see something you said on to 24 this might come in.
Joshua Lopez: Or
Gwenevere Abriel: February 24 that you're saying you're going to get the 1700
Joshua Lopez: Um, no. Because like tomorrow, I'll get paid for my short week and then
Joshua Lopez: The following Thursday.
Joshua Lopez: I'll get paid for my the long week
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you get about six 684
Gwenevere Abriel: On to 24 and then the following week is
Wow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I think that's the 31st. Right.
Joshua Lopez: Yeah, well it's tomorrow the 24th now.
Joshua Lopez: So, so tomorrow I get paid.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Joshua Lopez: And then, uh, and then a week from tomorrow I get. I get paid weekly
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, that's great.
Joshua Lopez: YEAH, SO WHEN WE JUST THE SHORT WEEK. The following week, it's a long week so yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's on Thursday.
Joshua Lopez: Thursday every Thursday. Yes, ma'am.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it. Alright, so here we go. You're going to have fixated for tomorrow and you'll have
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I don't know what that is. Do some four zero close. Let's just say 270 7000 basically have 1000
Gwenevere Abriel: And then about 1000
Joshua Lopez: Okay, sorry about that. It muted you. The incoming call
Joshua Lopez: That stupid law firm, even though I've told them, I'm not working with them and tell them ready. They keep calling and I've got to a point where told him I'm not working with them period and yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you left the door open before
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: The
Gwenevere Abriel: The stuff that's going to prevent you from getting what you want, which is this apartment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it sounds like this to 85
Gwenevere Abriel: Rent.
Joshua Lopez: Is about 1100 a
Joshua Lopez: Month five nights a week. So that's pretty pricey.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's 1140 a month. Right, so it will grab up a lot of it. So it sounds like the sooner you can save, which means, what would it be like for you to not do expensive play with your kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do. Are you ready for that, will it feel like you're depriving them. You know what I'm trying to say, like, I don't know if that's where your heart string gets pulled because I think it has in the past.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's felt good to give to them, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so where's the biggest vulnerability for you have where money will not get saved over the next month.
Joshua Lopez: Um, my, my concern is, you know, looking into the whole credit thing, um, you know, how much is that going to start taking away from the, you know, I already have to 85 coming out weekly and then whatever I find out and discover with
Joshua Lopez: The debt that I owe you know I did talk about my student loan with with somebody and I'm trying to get ahold of them that was only going to be like five bucks a month for a year. That's not a big expense. But like anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why didn't you tell me that that's a huge step you took
Joshua Lopez: Yeah, it's just I spoke with them a while back. And when I got my new phone. I've had a kind of played like phone tag with them. So I've had a hard time getting ahold of them, but I'm definitely
Joshua Lopez: Trying to get ahold of them to get that situated because that it'll take me according to the person I spoke with it'll take me out of collections, which will appear on my credit that are not in collections with them, which would really help out at the at the moment.
Joshua Lopez: So I'm definitely trying to do that and then whatever else. I figure out. I'm hoping it's similar where I won't have to pay a lot
Joshua Lopez: But other than that, I mean I do feel
Joshua Lopez: Bit vulnerable when it does come to my kiddos because, you know, try to give them stuff but I definitely know that they eat they understand, you know,
Joshua Lopez: If I can't get them something they're there, they're not the type of kids who will try to give me a guilt trip or you know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do. I know I can do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But Joshua that it's never been them. IT'S BEEN YOU NOTICE HOW YOU'RE RIGHT, YOU GO TO YOU HAVE THIS SPACE AND
Gwenevere Abriel: The tricky bit is this
Gwenevere Abriel: That you're going to need for a place that ironically, you're going to now have a place to play with them and hang out with them and have they'll have their, you know, least they'll be a separate I think room because you were going to try to get a two bedroom.
Gwenevere Abriel: You only need to wait a little while me to postpone it a little bit. So I already heard that. But what can you do with them. That's fun.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you can redirect having that fresh on your lips and ready to go. Things you can say redirect them to find that's free. What can you do. Oh.
Joshua Lopez: Whoa. One of the things we've been doing just hanging out here.
Joshua Lopez: The nice part is, I'm not paying for internet we. It's not the greatest Internet, but the I got him Hulu, which is only five bucks a month.
Joshua Lopez: And they've been enjoying that the my son plays a video game. Like, you know. So we've just been staying home. We haven't been going out a lot.
Joshua Lopez: So, I mean, we haven't really been doing a lot of anything which kind of become the norm. I think we're just going to be enjoying having our own space for a while, you know, we're out my parents. I didn't really enjoy them the way I used to enjoy them. So just hanging out. I mean,
Joshua Lopez: Yeah.
Joshua Lopez: We'll just
Gwenevere Abriel: Spend some time brainstorming some activities. Once it comes down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because the kids will probably get some antsy I'm bored stuff coming up. So just kind of have some ideas of what you're going to want to do with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because the first thing is right, we can just either go out to eat or go spend money. So just, just be mindful that there are some activities that you can be doing in the home that can be fun.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me touch base on a couple other things, um, you mentioned, I need to find something to pour myself into. That was one of your goals. I will put on 15 pounds of by eating regularly and taking supplements.
Gwenevere Abriel: How you doing on that.
Joshua Lopez: I was doing really good actually got up to five pounds.
Joshua Lopez: But the last month I haven't worked out.
Joshua Lopez: Mainly when I started orientation that was five days a week and I was like well once my two weeks of orientation are done. I'm going to go right back to it and then
Joshua Lopez: Everything happened where I moved out of my parents house. Everything was kind of sporadic unstable. I went. Another week without it. And then this week, so I
Joshua Lopez: I am going to get back into it. However, the supplements are like an expense that I kind of
Joshua Lopez: Don't want to spend right now, just try trying to save. So I'll probably still eat right still eat regularly maybe cut the supplements out and
Joshua Lopez: Find a Planet Fitness in this area that I can go to on my days off, just because I'm in a new area. I don't really know this area that well. So I definitely will be back on track. I just everything that happened, it's kind of been
Joshua Lopez: pushed aside, but it's definitely not something that I'm forgetting.
Joshua Lopez: I definitely still want again got 15 pounds.
Joshua Lopez: You know,
Joshua Lopez: More about a confidence thing. I think I'll feel more confident
Gwenevere Abriel: Next one, improve my relationship with people at home. So what do we want to write about that goal.
Joshua Lopez: Um, that didn't happen.
Joshua Lopez: I did make the effort to, you know, try to let things
Joshua Lopez: Roll and try to, you know, bite my tongue in certain situations, but they just kept pushing my buttons, and I, I made a decision and
Joshua Lopez: Thomas that I don't regret my decision for leaving. I don't regret my decision for having said some of the stuff I said I really don't feel like apologetic for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, it is common for you to glaze over. And we're glazing. Now let's not do that. Let's get specific. We've got a little bit of time. I want to hear what they said that pushed your button. Want to hear. Want to know. You want to know what it was a family of origin. This matters.
Joshua Lopez: A lot
Joshua Lopez: It was kinda like a weekly thing if my son. Coughs I you know you got to take them to the doctor and I didn't take them to the doctor several times but
Joshua Lopez: Now, my mom would be like dramatic and kind of overreacting on a lot of it and then it would come down to you don't care about your kids. You don't, you know, and I that really would, that would really push my buttons.
Joshua Lopez: Because I love my kids and I care for my kids. Very much so. So when she would say stuff like that. It was like, ah, and then
Joshua Lopez: They were kind of sticking their nose in my business where
Joshua Lopez: With Jacqueline my baby mom.
Joshua Lopez: So they were you know sticking their nose in there and then they brought in a third party and you know kind of reading my business out there and agitated me but I let it slide but then they kind of overstep their bounds. The they called See ya. If d on her, which to me was uncalled for.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, wow.
Oh, and
Joshua Lopez: I told them you know whatever they were
Joshua Lopez: had problems with I was addressing with her.
Joshua Lopez: And that was also causing a lot of tension in my relationship with her.
Gwenevere Abriel: The, you know, they
Joshua Lopez: It just, yeah. And I finally just that day I had enough. I really just, I, I honestly felt exhausted with them emotionally. It just was exhausting to deal with them.
Joshua Lopez: You know, if every other week it was something else. I didn't care about Isaias or actions shut down. I need to do something about it because she's shutting down and honestly I think my daughter was like that around them, because she saw the way they were abstaining me
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Joshua Lopez: So she kind of was shutting down towards them into them. It was like, Oh, something's wrong. Something's going on at her mom's
Joshua Lopez: You know, because she shutting down and it's now that we've been away from them for two weeks I my daughter, smiling. My daughter's opened up my daughters, you know, but to them. They right away, jumped to the conclusion that something really significantly bad was happening.
Joshua Lopez: You know, and that was in every situation. JOSH, WHAT
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm number one, I just want to know when that call to see if it happened when was that
Joshua Lopez: I was Friday I happened on a Friday. Two weeks ago, so like this Friday would be I believe this Friday would make it two weeks.
Joshua Lopez: Because I moved out that that night when I got off of work. I was so excited I finished my orientation. I got home and that shit storm happen.
Joshua Lopez: And that's when I finally just had it. I left, I spent a week at another place, and I'm spending a week at this place. So I would say it'll be two weeks on Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: What what I heard you say is my parents called
Gwenevere Abriel: On Jacqueline that was too much and you left
Joshua Lopez: Yeah, I mean that in of course every, every other thing that they had been doing
Joshua Lopez: You know, saying, I don't care about my kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: You left that night.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Got it. Yeah, I agree. That is huge. It's one thing to say, well, I would take my son to the doctor so and so I would do this, but that that's
Gwenevere Abriel: That is an and I don't know. Have you been able to tell anybody else about how profound an impact that can happen. I mean, kids are separated from their children. This is a huge thing that happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you been anybody else.
Joshua Lopez: No, I haven't. I mean, living by myself. I really don't talk to. I really don't talk to too many people outside. I didn't talk to my, my friend, who, you know, also happens to be my barber.
Joshua Lopez: And talk to him with a little bit about it and even he was kind of like, wow, you know what I mean. And that wasn't the only thing we thought about that day.
Joshua Lopez: You know, I just got my first paycheck and my mom, knowing that I was making more money here than it was Walmart. She raised rent on me and
Joshua Lopez: You know, I gave her what she asked. She wanted 150 every week, which kind of a lot, you know, and that comes out to
Joshua Lopez: You know, I had borrowed some gas money from her. And she was like, are you still only money like, Mom, I just got my first paycheck. I will pay you next week.
Joshua Lopez: 150 plus what I owe you. I just have some other stuff that I need to pay my first paycheck and she just kind of started going off on me on that we started arguing about that. And then that's when I asked her, like, did you do this. Did you call see why he and
Joshua Lopez: She real like
Joshua Lopez: proudly said, Of course I did. If you're not going to take care of the situation. If you're not going to care for your kids, I'm going to do it okay left when I
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah so Joshua. Look at the irony of this right
Gwenevere Abriel: This is mom that could be caring for her own kid you
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which you're going to call out someone else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that is crazy, making
Joshua Lopez: Yeah, and that's kind of what my friend when he was cutting my hair said he's like you know your your your mom instead of helping you out and trying to get your own place. She raised the rent on you, you know, is like
Joshua Lopez: You know, in three weeks. You could have saved what you needed to to get out of there. But yet she raised it on you. He's like, it's almost like she doesn't want you to leave. You know, I don't know. He
Joshua Lopez: Yeah I did see that underneath just
Gwenevere Abriel: So the reason the reason why I'm highlighting it is because
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I've long known you longer being the man doesn't say anything. And it's still a bit habitual I'm glad you talked with your friend, but it is your first I think reaction to not talk about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would have liked to have known this thing was going on, a lot, a lot sooner.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is massive. That's like you'll
Probably never forget.
Joshua Lopez: Yeah, I think, a part of it is we hadn't met since that had happened, and then I did mention it a little bit. I didn't go into much detail. It was kind of like you give me some non. How was it non confrontational. Like, I know you want what's best for me.
Joshua Lopez: You know, to kind of battle them off without already into a fight.
Joshua Lopez: But I mean, that wasn't on you. I didn't give you the full scoop on what was going on, you know, probably should have given you more detail about it as it was pretty, pretty much a weekly thing with them. It was every other week, or every week it was something else.
Joshua Lopez: And it got it got to be to
Gwenevere Abriel: Joshua you miss out when you don't give specifics you miss out on getting the support you need.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I might miss judge and I'm thinking, the skill is just, we just got to tolerate a nuisance know there was a really significant thing going on there was there's almost this failure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of your parent to like this could have been a repairing moment she could have, like, maybe there were failures, you know, in childhood or something, she could have been I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry, my ears are bugging me she could have had this as a moment to repair and heal with you and didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Like I would if I want the details the details, make the difference because it could be something that parents doing this rewarding and I definitely want details. I want to hear it. I want to know.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and I'm going to want to know the next time, I'm going to want to know how on earth do you come back. How do you you and Jacqueline navigate this now that this event has happened and and what was going on with with your kids and
Gwenevere Abriel: And there was so much going on for you and you were doing it in a lot of ways alone. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your register.
Gwenevere Abriel: For tolerance. What you put up with on your own is so high you don't reach out
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's no one telling you, dude. That's crazy. That's bat shit crazy
Gwenevere Abriel: That's unacceptable. No, and I think he more than more of the hairdresser's, the more friends, the more therapy. The more people in group, the more you're hearing other people
Gwenevere Abriel: The more you get to bounce out bounce off. Oh my gosh. For real. That's what people are doing. That's good. You need to be hearing what other people kind of thing to not to change your mind. You do your thing. But just to register what normal is because your tolerance for emotional like
Gwenevere Abriel: Neglect is really high.
Gwenevere Abriel: You understand
Joshua Lopez: Yeah, I do.
Joshua Lopez: It was honestly it was exhausting being there. Um, it was exhausting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, you're out you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Out. Yeah. And there we go, got it. You got money coming in. Good things are happening. And yes, you're using logic, of course, you're going to not pay for supplements.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I mean, of course, that goes out the window. Absolutely. And so my only invitation over this coming week or so is to really hone in
Gwenevere Abriel: On not only the search on on, you know, you know, affordable sort of checking in on credit score get those numbers, getting a hold of that student loan saving money but but you your time with your, with your children is really important. It's little things like having
Gwenevere Abriel: Some little games that you can be doing inside the house little fun things that you can be doing, there's
Gwenevere Abriel: Fun stuff you can do. I'm a fan. I always have a balloon handy if it's board. I just keep it in the air, or I like charades. You know, those are my go tues but you're going to have some cultivating things that you can do to interact, get our little eyes off of video games where we can interact
Gwenevere Abriel: So you can connect with your kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: In a really meaningful way. You know,
Joshua Lopez: Yeah, definitely.
Um,
Joshua Lopez: One of the things
Joshua Lopez: Last week I was pretty down
Joshua Lopez: The place I was saying, it was really just
Joshua Lopez: really shitty and my daughter just lit up my day. She was like, Dad. And he says, a place to stay, and I'm super excited to be here with you. It's like we're on a
Little adventure together.
Joshua Lopez: It like rushed it like it made me feel good, but even talking about it. Now I got choked up like she's just so awesome.
Joshua Lopez: To be like my little rock lee, lee
Joshua Lopez: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you notice I mean I'm no I'm tearing up
Gwenevere Abriel: She's amazing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And got to be doing this with me and with other adults, so that she she doesn't have to be so intuitive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, yeah. You don't want. It's beautiful, it's a balance is constant. I'm glad she's this sensitive attune person who's not a materialistic and that's amazing you're raising beautiful children.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you've got, I don't know how you're doing around that if you're able to say, yeah, this is basically you know this is a crappy place we won't stay here long
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're amazing daughter you that's really cool. That's very generous of you to to not equate my value and our value with this crummy place.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe it's talking about what did you see with grandma and grandpa. You know, it's not here, you know we we are their therapists, as parents,
Gwenevere Abriel: But we can't do that when it's so emotional and our kids are doing these things right there so generous, but she may need a place to be able to kind of talk about what that was like and not go crazy too because
Gwenevere Abriel: She saw some things you know it.
Joshua Lopez: Yeah yeah he's talking to definitely do. I mean, it's like I said she
Joshua Lopez: She basically shut down towards them, you know, so I know she was seeing things. It's just they've seen a lot in this past eight months they saw their parents split up, they saw me fighting with my parents. They saw you know you're seeing me starting all over. I mean,
Joshua Lopez: I tried to hold it together in front of them. I really do. When she told me that I wanted to tear up. I wanted to be emotional, but I like swallowed it held it in
Joshua Lopez: Of course, when they got picked up. I kinda did hit me.
Joshua Lopez: You know, I try, I try not to.
Joshua Lopez: Not to be emotional front of them, because I don't ever want to put that burden on them, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: But it can take
Gwenevere Abriel: Archie Joshua holding on, and not crying right
Gwenevere Abriel: That you may not, you may miss an opportunity
Gwenevere Abriel: To be able to use it as a as a learning moment as a teaching moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know. Maybe you did later on we able to say, what do you notice about hanging out with me here that maybe was going on it at
Gwenevere Abriel: gramma Granddad's or, you know, what are you noticing that you like about being over here you know I'm say we aren't able to sometimes say those things because we're just like, Oh my gosh, I'm trying not to cry.
Joshua Lopez: Yeah. Yeah, no, I definitely get what you're saying and she has expressed that she likes it. You know, I'm I'm low more like I wish I could provide a better place. I don't say that to her. But, you know, of course, I feel like, Oh, I wish I could you know what I mean.
Joshua Lopez: But they they both expressed even my son that they love coming here, the very excited when I get them you know they're super excited to come with me.
Joshua Lopez: So it's been it's been awesome. Like I said, this week has been a lot better than last week. This week I finally have a sense of home I finally have a
Joshua Lopez: Place of my own, you know, my kids. I can see their attitudes changed, you know, to mean they're there, you know it's it's been awesome. It really has been.
Joshua Lopez: I don't know if my video will work.
Joshua Lopez: It just
Joshua Lopez: Let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got a black screen so far. Whoops. Hold on, I gotta grab this. Yes, baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: Until, do you need me to pick you up at six o'clock.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, if your funds charged and just call me and I can get you if you need me to. Okay, look, let me
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, so, oh my gosh, yes, looked at this. Oh my.
Joshua Lopez: Gosh, it's like a little studio
Something simple
Gwenevere Abriel: so tiny and and it's a nice happy feeling
Joshua Lopez: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I see why.
Joshua Lopez: My baby girl. Definitely.
Joshua Lopez: My, my baby girl definitely made it feel like home.
Gwenevere Abriel: sweet love it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's schedule another appointment. Okay, and
Gwenevere Abriel: My invitation is very much around when you do get together offload a little bit of the specifics. Just let it out, not general stuff. It's not the same sort of discharge is when we can
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice how once you said what your daughter said right all that flooded in it's my daughter's amazing is one thing, but for you to say out loud, what she did is a whole other experience. It's like, holy crap. Okay, so let's get, let's be specific. It'll. It'll feel it will feel better.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's schedule another time. Tell me one more time. I think you said you kind of know what your schedule is going to be you.
Joshua Lopez: Might want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to do.
Joshua Lopez: See what, let me see if I could put my calendar on my
Joshua Lopez: Sure. Um, I don't know if you want to put this in your notes at all, but
Joshua Lopez: My okay so
I will
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, what you tell me
Joshua Lopez: Let me just get it, it's really confusing, you know, but
Joshua Lopez: Okay, so this is my long week so I worked, Monday, Tuesday, I'm off.
Joshua Lopez: Wednesday, Thursday, and then I'll work, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and then the following week, it's the complete opposite. I'll be off, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday or Friday, Saturday, Sunday now give you a sense of
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't tell you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll let you know it and then you just have to tell me what you want to do. So what I wrote. So far as off wednesday thursday I'll work, Friday, Saturday, Sunday. So, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know which week you're referring to. So you're going to
Joshua Lopez: Show.
The week
Gwenevere Abriel: Next week Monday is 24 Friday is the 28th.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then, is that right, yeah. So let's go
Joshua Lopez: Let me see if I can
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually, let's go, let's go into March. Let's do March two through March six, let's find something there. But listen, Josh.
Gwenevere Abriel: If what's going on. If you're doing what you kind of tend to do which is you kind of minimize the intensity of things. Sometimes if what's going on with you and Jacqueline is like putting you to the edge, then let's meet sooner. Let's meet every week. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because this
Gwenevere Abriel: What
Joshua Lopez: Happened with the. See ya. So I'm real quickly. The 24 to 28
Joshua Lopez: Because it's a little sooner. Is that what are we today. We are the 19th, if I'm correct. So
Joshua Lopez: So that's not next week. Right. That's the following week
Gwenevere Abriel: Nope. It is next week 2428 is next week. If you want to meet, then that's groovy, if not the following one is March 2 through six second
Three.
Joshua Lopez: I probably would like the the 24 to 28% of things. So next week, I will be off, Monday, Tuesday, so let's see. So Friday or Thursday the 20th, 21st Saturday the 22nd, 23rd, so I'll be off Monday the 24th will be off the 25th. I'll be working the 2627 and then I'll be off on the 28
Joshua Lopez: So if the 28th work.
Joshua Lopez: For you and real quickly what just to make sure I'm on the right track. The 28th falls on
Joshua Lopez: Thursday. Correct.
How Friday.
Joshua Lopez: But OK, I'll be off Friday. Then I'll definitely be
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't we do that, let's meet
Gwenevere Abriel: Friday the 28th at I have a 12 O'clock group. So I can meet you at one o'clock.
Joshua Lopez: My
Gwenevere Abriel: Might be closer to five minutes after but as long as you're logged in and just kind of make a note to yourself that I might be running late. And you'll be you'll be
Gwenevere Abriel: Will meet on February 28 at one o'clock and just sort of, you know, have in mind that we won't need to do any of the treatment goal reviews, we can really zero in on whatever is going on with Jacqueline, we can also focus
Gwenevere Abriel: On some some sort of deeper therapeutic techniques, but really identify something that you want from from the session. And then let's make it happen. Okay.
Joshua Lopez: Okay. Sounds good.
Joshua Lopez: I have one more thing. I'm Dr. Aubrey I'll send in a prescription for the medicine that helped me to quit smoking.
Joshua Lopez: But when I
Joshua Lopez: But, but when I called Walgreens, they had that one ready, but they didn't have any adjust she edits in in the Suboxone one
Joshua Lopez: Out. Okay.
Joshua Lopez: I do have I did take some today, but that was like my last my last don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Help me, help me concentrate. I'm now I'm writing her. So, here I go. Help me. Here I go. Joshua Lopez is meeting with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: He needs an order Suboxone at one milligram a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many milligrams, you're taking a day.
Joshua Lopez: I'm taking one milligram. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he will meet with me to 28 1pm. Do you need any more Wellbutrin. You're already good to go with that.
Joshua Lopez: I'm good on Wellbutrin and I'll have that, you know, other medications, helping me quit smoking. Yeah, I just ran out of the box in today and called Walgreens, and they only had that one prescription. So I knew not to panic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, she bridged it today that motivation to show up there. We're good to go. So I'll see you on the 28th.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And then, of course, you're more than welcome to attend group on the 24th. Pretty sure
Gwenevere Abriel: You might like it. It's on the it's it's these barriers to listening, there's this list of things that I've been going over if I haven't already covered it this Monday I kind of forget what I've covered, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you're probably be in work. So, all right, I'll see you on Friday.
Joshua Lopez: Okay. Yeah. And then I believe I'm scheduled to be with you guys in group on Monday, because I'm every other Monday.
Joshua Lopez: So my schedule works perfectly. With that, I'm off every other Monday. So I'll probably see you Monday and group I'm more than likely if anything does happen to happen. I would definitely give you a heads up, but I tend to be there. Monday. Alright, intend to be there. Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're also be there 124 at 1pm
Gwenevere Abriel: Great. Alright, well, keep it up, you're doing awesome. I love hearing about it.
Very
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I'll talk to you soon.
Joshua Lopez: Thank you very much.
Joshua Lopez: Next Friday. Okay.